---
reader_name: Writing_wrists
reader_handle: ''
book: 'Kutumb: A Tale of Angst, Regret and Sacrifice'
rating: 5
contains_spoilers: false
is_pinned: true
date: 2025-10-01T08:43
---

KemCho?? You are a lovely writer gurl.. you n your craft shine.. Dark romance and smut are two different things.. you are doing a great job pulling out the scenes so well... adjusting each character, showing their POV and have highlighted the reasons why they're so when writing about them. And that's the best part of writing. By the way, Amodini is a great work too... you've done a great job. Every character has a line between black and white, which is framed grey.. it's a natural trait...you're saying.. relationships that stay long aren't always a bed of roses.. there is too much for them to carry and live on through to make the relationship on the story. This brilliant way of story telling must be appreciated. For people expecting smut, this is not their book and also.. not everyone are green flag completely. Being a human, you have soo many emotions.. breaking one by one and then transforming looks raw n real. You putting up the story is doing that job so good. It's from this story.. me a died writer has found myself with my writing emotions and plotting out my story in hibernation. I've understood what should be depicted her by the way you've done. Good job girl. Keep going. Your Readers would stand by you, it's their story I've started reading the book but you keep us hooked up for the next chapter. Thank you for such characters.
